>> Scott Moss: So GraphQL and Express.
Why do we need both of them, right?
Did I just show you some crazy stuff?
Why do we need Express anymore?
We still need Express,
GraphQL doesn't do everything.
GraphQL is not a server framework and,
in fact, it's not a framework at all.
It's just a Korean language, so
we still need some infrastructure here.
So let's talk about some benefits knowing
that now we're all Express experts and
we're learning GraphQL.
Let's talk about some benefits here
that we need to use them both together.
So with GraphQL,
we could continue to use our REST routes.
You could totally do that.
And like I said, there are so
many ways to do that.
You could use them side-by-side,
on top of each other, and it's in so
many ways you can actually use it.
It depends on your business needs that
the quick answer is however you want.
You can do whatever you want because
GraphQL does not replace res although
it will eventually.
It doesn't have to replace it.
It's more of a layer that sits
in front of it if you choose.
GraphQL is something that site
in front of your API, and
then it doesn't care
about what your API is.
It doesn't make any inferences about what
your API is, what your data layer is.
It's just like, I'm gonna check
the query before it comes in,
and I'm going to check
the data that you give me.
If it doesn't match, I'm gonna complain.
That's GraphQL.
So it doesn't care where it's coming from.
Doesn't matter How
you're getting the data.
That's it.
So
that means you can do whatever you want.
Underneath it, before it,
after it, it doesn't matter.
>> Scott Moss: You could
benefit from middleware here.
So if you wanna setup some global
middleware for your entire GraphQL API,
you can still benefit from
that middleware there.
But there are Better
approaches to doing things for
your GraphQL resolvers then
setting up global middleware, or
maybe you just want some global stuff,
and in our case we probably will, but
then there's like protecting like isolated
resolvers which is a different approach
than global middleware, but you could
still benefit from it it's very very easy
setup with GraphQL because I said
yesterday Express is the go-to framework
and there's pretty much a plugin,
everybody makes a plugin for Express So
you can be assured that there's probably a
plug in Express with GraphQL and there is.
There's so many of them.
You benefit from error handling with
Express so GraphQL depending on what
server framework you use has its own error
handling built in but you can also benefit
from the error handling that you have with
Express, kind of like we made yesterday,
where the arrows bubble up and
they do stuff like that.
You can still benefit from that.
Which is really cool.
And then you could also
reuse the Express libraries,
which is the biggest benefit
of using them both together.
Express does a good job of packaging
the requests that comes in,
it gives you all the different
information about it.
The path, the query string,
all the headers,
it gives you access to
all that cool stuff.
We still want that in GraphQL, we still
want to use that inside our resolvers.
So I will say that's the biggest benefit
of using GraphQL with Express and
is that we can benefit from those
libraries that Express gives us
access to instead of our controllers.
That request object is like powerful.
And we want to be able to use that
instead of GraphQL resolvers.